.TH pass-rug

.SH NAME
pass-rug - A \fBpass\fP(1) extensions to manage usernames

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pass rug 
[
.I COMMAND
] [
.I OPTIONS
]... [
.I ARGS
]...

.SH DESCRIPTION

.B pass-rug
extends the
.BR pass (1)
utility with the
.B rug
command for generating, displaying and copying usernames.

.SH COMMANDS

.TP
\fBgenerate, -g, g\fP [ \fI-fqc\fP ]\fIpass-name\fP

Generate a username for \fIpass-name\fP.

If no username is present in \fIpass-name\fP, one will be appended.

If \fI-f\fP is specified, overwrite a potential username without prompting.

If \fI-q\fP is specified, display a QR code.

If \fI-c\fP is specified, copy the username to the clipboard.

.TP
\fBshow, -s, s\fP [ \fI-qc\fP ] \fIpass-name\fP.

Print the username for \fIpass-name\fP.

If \fI-f\fP is specified, overwrite a potential username without prompting.

If \fI-q\fP is specified, display a QR code.

.SH EXAMPLES

.TP
\fBpass rug g -cf\fP \fIsteam\fP 
Generate a username, and overwrite the one present in \fIsteam\fP

.TP
\fBpass rug s -c\fP \fIsteam\fP 
Copy the username for \fIsteam\fP to the clipboard,

.SH FILES
.TP
\fI/usr/share/banks/adjectives.txt\fP and \fI/usr/share/banks/nouns.txt\fP
banks of words used to generate words.

.SH ISSUES

\fBpass\fP(1) will overwrite your usernames, so be sure to make an entry with \fBpass\fP first, then append a username.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pass (1),
.BR qrencode (1),

.SH COPYING
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
